README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Max Spaeth👋

I’m an Analytics Engineer & Data Analyst with a solid knowledge of Data Science in FinTech. 

## My Data Journey

My data journey started in 2020 while I was in my Master's program in Industrial Engineering and still didn’t know where I was headed. I enjoyed math and business, but no topic ever sparked any real passion in me. One evening, I watched the Netflix documentary about Cambridge Analytica and was completely blown away. I wanted to analyze data about people and find patterns. So, like every good data person, I of course skipped the basics of data and algorithms and dived straight into Data Science. After calculating survival predictions for Titanic passengers up and down with my first ML models, I still had no clue how to work with arrays or query data. During the pandemic, I used my time to immerse myself in all kinds of topics.

Finally, I had found an intrinsic motivation where "work" no longer felt like "work." And that motivation hasn’t changed since. Every line of code in my Git profile is something I taught myself, and I’m already excited for every new learning experience that comes my way.

## 🛠 Technical Skills:
- **Languages**: SQL, Python, Jinja (dbt)
- **Tools & Platforms**: dbt, Looker, Tableau, Dagster, Airflow, Mixpanel, Snowflake, Redshift, Google Analytics / Tag Manager
- **Collaboration**: Git, Confluence, MS Office
- **Project Management**: Jira, Click-up

## 🌱 What I’m Currently Working On:

I’m currently building a complete ELT process/pipeline with dbt, Airflow / Dagster and DuckDB to extract, enhance, and analyze my Strava and Whoop data using an LLM. Thereby I’m learning the concepts hands-on, embracing all the little mistakes along the way.
- Repo is coming soon. (Jan26)
## 🤝 Let's Connect:
[![LinkedIn](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/08/LinkedIn_Logo_2013.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/max-sp%C3%A4th-228234176/)

Commit message:

Description in README
Reworded the project description for clarity and flow.

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Max Spaeth👋

I’m an Analytics Engineer & Data Analyst with a solid knowledge of Data Science in FinTech. 

## My Data Journey

My data journey started in 2020 while I was in my Master's program in Industrial Engineering and still didn’t know where I was headed. I enjoyed math and business, but no topic ever sparked any real passion in me. One evening, I watched the Netflix documentary about Cambridge Analytica and was completely blown away. I wanted to analyze data about people and find patterns. So, like every good data person, I of course skipped the basics of data and algorithms and dived straight into Data Science. After calculating survival predictions for Titanic passengers up and down with my first ML models, I still had no clue how to work with arrays or query data. During the pandemic, I used my time to immerse myself in all kinds of topics.

Finally, I had found an intrinsic motivation where "work" no longer felt like "work." And that motivation hasn’t changed since. Every line of code in my Git profile is something I taught myself, and I’m already excited for every new learning experience that comes my way.

## 🛠 Technical Skills:
- **Languages**: SQL, Python, Jinja (dbt)
- **Tools & Platforms**: dbt, Looker, Tableau, Dagster, Airflow, Mixpanel, Snowflake, Redshift, Google Analytics / Tag Manager
- **Collaboration**: Git, Confluence, MS Office
- **Project Management**: Jira, Click-up

## 🌱 What I’m Currently Working On:

I’m currently working on an end‑to‑end project where I’m building a complete ELT pipeline using dbt, Airflow/Dagster, and DuckDB to extract, enhance, and analyze my Strava and Whoop data with an LLM. I’m learning the concepts hands‑on and happily embracing all the little mistakes along the way.
- Repo is coming soon. (Jan26)
## 🤝 Let's Connect:
[![LinkedIn](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/08/LinkedIn_Logo_2013.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/max-sp%C3%A4th-228234176/)
